Ah!
My tooth
I see how you can marry the prince without your teeth
Not good, Miss 2 was knocked out by the eldest lady
How dare you hit the second lady?
Arrest him for me
You are a maid
Who gave you the guts to talk to me like that?
How dare you hit me?
Just a dog
Just hit what can you do?
A bunch of bullying dogs
Be careful with me in the future
The prince found it.
The woman who broke in that night was named Jiang Wanyue
Jiang Wanyue pair
It was General Jiang who came from last month
Baby picked up from the countryside
The first woman heard about the day she returned to Beijing
General Jiang asked His Majesty for the gift of marriage
Please suggest marriage
With whom and the prince
The day is set
However, the general was handed over to the bandits and left in a hurry
So that Jiang Yuanyue was alone in the rivers and lakes
In three days, she will marry into the Prince's Mansion
It's hard work
Surgery for me in three days and send a copy to the emperor
Let him cheat
god
I hate that I want to marry another man